1.	Can you talk most advance monitoring metrix that you’ve setup?
 Nagios, Realic, Splunk and Clould watch. I was involved in installing and configuring Nagios. To maintain infrastructure as code wrote Nagios cookbooks to installation and configuration. The most advance monitoring metrix was Splunk, involved in establishing Splunk as an enterprise platform and install, configure and deploy Splunk enterprise. Involved in deploying Splunk agents to all servers, established enterprise and application logging frameworks. Worked in triage with different Splunk issues.   

2.	What is your experience with Ansible?
Ansible automates cloud provisioning, configuration management, application deployment, intra-service orchestration, and many other IT needs. I have used Ansible to manage, configure application and deploy application.  Wrote playbooks in a standard scripting language such as python and bash.  Used Ansible to deploy application wising Ssh without any downtime.  Integrated Ansible with 
3.	What is the product they’ve worked on (ex which product line) who uses it, your contribution? How did it help? Are the users internal? How directly or indirectly are you involved?
I current work with BB&T mobile banking application and other internal application. I am responsible to automate the infrastructure and speed up the test, build and deployment process which includes tools like Chef, Udeploy , Source code management, Docker, Jenkins, Jfrog Artifactory  etc. I’m very much involved directly as a devops engineer I have developed the infrastructure automated using CI/CD tools.  
4.	What all application you have bought into production and what production means to you?
I been working with production from long time but in my current project I had worked on sonarqube, Gerrit and Gitlab. I have installed and configured this application; these applications are now in production. I worked on them all the time till they are in production and I support also those application if anyone has issues also wrote cookbooks on Sonarqube, Gerrit and GitLab to maintain infrastructure as code. At first we have decided to go with Gerrit and later we migrated to Gitlab as Gitlab many advance features that Gerrit. Production is to describe the setting where software and other products are actually put into operation for their intended uses by end users. A production environment can be thought of as a real-time setting where programs are run and hardware setups are installed and relied on for organization or commercial daily operations.
